Focal Microbiome:
Oral: 
Bad
Streppacacus mutants -> kill with Xylitol
Kill with Specifically Targeted Antimicrobial Peptides (binds to competence stimulating peptide)
Brush and floss
Promoting silivia production with fruit and vegetables
LActobacillus inbit it 
antimicrobial peptide called C16G2 kills it
C16G2, which is now delivered via a gel tray, is being developed for use in preventing tooth decay and cavities under an investigational new drug application with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration by Los Angeles-based 
C3 Jian -> did not come to fruition
Despite mouthwash killing strep. It makes mouth more acid and kills mostly good bacteria. This leads to higher stalic blood pressure, lower nitric oxide, and growth of more bad bacteria

Good oral biome -> Avoid acid and mouth washes
Streptoccocus salvarious
Lactobacillus Rheteri -> 
Streptoccocus salvarious K12-?
A12 -> hydrogen peroxide, ammonia (bleach) prevent strep from making biofilms

Gingivitus -> kill with sodium flouride

Gut microbiome to reduce inflammation:
Lactoabacillus rheteri -> combat sibo
Lactobacillus plantarum -> reduce inflammation
Bifidobacterium bifidum -> reduce intestinal permeability
Ferrocalm - > FX856 strains reduce stomach cramps, bloating, diarrhoea and constipation
Labs Microbiome -> spores???

Mood requlation:
Lactobacillus helveticus -> increase serotonin production

Histamine!!!! OMG I WANT SLEEP. These reduce histamine
Lactobacillus rhamnosus
L plantarum
Bifido lactis

Put on topically to improve skin
L. rhamnosus -> imrpve skin barier and moisture balance, L. rhamnosus significantly improved acne-like symptoms in rats by suppressing the level of inflammatory cytokine
L. plantarum -> inhibited the pathogenic activity of Pseudomonas aeruginosa in infected bu
Bio K (casei, acidopilus, rhamnosus -> speed up wound healing
Lacticaseibacillus rhamnosus GG, Lactobacillus plantarum WCFS1, and Lactiplantibacillus pentosus KCA1 -> creme created improvement
Lactobacillus acidophilus -> first for acne. In one of the first ever clinical studies assessing the effects of probiotics on skin health, milk containing Lactobacilli was noted to improve the severity of acne
Staphylococcus epidermidis and Streptococcus salivarius, both of which can inhibit the growth of Propionibacterium acnes
 L. rhamnosus GG and L. reuteri significantly increased the rate of re-epithelialization (wound healing), with L. rhamnosus GG being the most efficaciou
Make a yogurt face mask, esp with ur own diy yogurt w prebioitx

Increase Bowel movements
Bifidobacterium lactis HN019 and BB-12 was found to significantly increase bowel movement frequenc

IBS best strains:

    Saccharomyces boulardii
    Bifidobacterium lactis BB-12速
    Lactobacillus acidophilus NCFM速 
    Bifidobacterium lactis Bi-07速
    Bifidobacterium infantis 35624
    Bacillus coagulans Unique IS-2
    Bifidobacterium lactis HN019
    Lactobacillus plantarum Lp299v速

