Our brains and bodies are maximized by living a paleo lifestyle
The agriculture and high wheat consumption upended and damaged our original health. Go back to our paleo roots in a way that maximizes performance

Eating tubers, fiberous foods and predominatly fish and animal foods.
Eating no processed foods, or highly glycemic foods -> this will cause mass inflammation
Abundant amount of excercise
Dynamic and vibrant social circles -> complex social systems is what maintains brain health
Fruit was to make one dumb and slow and fat for winter
Heating and cooking our plant foods for faster digestion is what allowed us to increase brain size
Never had indoors. They were always outdoors (I cant do that lol). Means cold and hot exposure, and sunlight also better air quality and no mold problems
Red light therapy -> is the heat from the sun. 
Why do we have trichromatic vision? -> so we can see the colors of fruits and veggies. Also why we need to consume vitamin C externally. 
  Why our teeth crunch and why our guts have bacteria and ability to digest fiber
We have saliviry amylase -> to break down starch in our mouths so its easier to digestin the small intestine
Organ meat, especially liver are most deisrable part of the wild game
Women fat storing(before menopause)-> women are suppose to and do a better job of storing fat than men. Their fat goes onto the butt and hips and thighs. 
  IF you are apple shaped (fat around abdomen), that is BAD. That woman is eating too much fructose and toxins (like seed oils). That fat is going around organs.
  The fat in the right place is healthier fat storage that can be due to eating just excess nontoxic calories
Eating protein with fat (animal protein) -> leads to more protein synthesis due to the uptake of bile
Brain cannot tell excess energy in fat or liver it can only tell in the blood. Thus cutting calories is not successful because of excess hunger.
  You have to reduce insulin which means to get rid of carbs, eat low carbs.

Sleeping:
Did not eat after sunset. Sunlight exposure. Hyperglecemia of eating too many starches near bed time can all create sleep issues as it increases blood sugar and causes heart to beat
